Document Runtime Agent (#7167)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/compass/03-02-runtime-agent-details.md

### Initializing connection 

Runtime Agent connects to Compass using a one-time token from the Connector and exchanges it for a certificate, which is later used to fetch Applications from the Director. 

The initial connection requires the following parameters:

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Example value** |
|---------------|-----------------|-------------------|
| **CONNECTOR_URL** | Connector URL | `https://compass-gateway.kyma.local/connector/graphql` |
| **RUNTIME_ID** | ID of the Runtime registered in the Director | `1ae04041-17e5-478f-91f8-3a2ddc7700de` |
| **TENANT** | Tenant ID  | - |
| **TOKEN** | One-time token generated for the Runtime | - |

Runtime Agent reads this configuration from the ConfigMap specified in the Runtime Agent Deployment (`compass-agent-configuration` by default).

To see how to create the ConfigMap, see [this](#tutorials-create-a-configmap) tutorial. 

### Connection status

The connection status is preserved in the [CompassConnection Custom Resource](#custom-resource-compassconnection) (CR). This CR also stores the Connector URL and the Director URL.

### Reconnecting Runtime Agent

> If the connection with Compass fails, Runtime Agent will keep trying to connect with the token from the ConfigMap. If the connection is established successfully, Runtime Agent will ignore the ConfigMap until the connection is lost. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connection with Compass fails, Runtime Agent keeps trying to connect with the token from the ConfigMap. If the connection is established successfully, Runtime Agent ignores the ConfigMap until the connection is lost. 
```
